IN A RELATIONSHIP : Final Episode
let's continue on chapter 3.
As for chapter 2,
there are still people who hasn't hand in their homework.
That person is Wipapron. Please hand it in.
"I'm sorry"
Are you still mad at Boss?
Yes.
I don't like liar.
Looking pass the fact the he lied to you.
From what you've told me,
I think he loves you a lot.
But if he loves me,
why did he lie to me?
But sometimes... because he really loves you,
he has to lie to you.
No.
I don't get it.
5 days later.
It's been 5 days,
and you're still mad?
I'm a guy of my world.
You're so stubborn.
I'll go get some food now.
Boss Bosso is live now [Live] To Tono.. From Boss
Hi.
I'm Boss. Methapat Dulyanurak.
This is the real me.
Everyone must be very disappoint that
I'm not who you are expected.
Once, I decided to meet my boyfriend for the first time.
We met in Pattaya.
After we met,
he didn't even look into my eyes.
What happened that day,
made me lost confidence about how I look.
I had to lie to Tono,
because I was afraid.
I was afraid of losing him.
Everything that I did,
I really like Tono
I really miss him.
And I really love him.
Hello.
I... watched your live.
Hm.
I'm really sorry.
I think, I don't look good enough...
to talk to you.
Please don't think for me.
Have I ever say that to you?
It's not wrong,
for you to look down on yourself.
But...
please don't underrate my love for you.
I'm not like your ex,
who would judge you from the outside.
So...
do you still love me?
I can't answer that right now.
But...
you have to follow my 3 rules first.
First rule,
Do not lie. Tell me everything.
Because I don't like liar.
Second,
If you feel insecure by the pimples,
go for a treatment.
Third,
Come to see me in person,
right now.
Then I can give you an answer, whether
I still love you.
What's wrong, you crybaby?
Are you coming?
Sure.
So...
where should we go?
Hm.
How about Pho restaurant?
At Prachachuen 54.
It's near my place.
Sure, so...
shall we go now?
Yes... come quickly.
I've seen you for so long. I miss you.
Thank you all the love in my life.. that started this work.
I believe that love is a beautiful thing and it is the light of life.
Please listen and stay with each other.
Support each other through everything.
Just like Boss and Tono :)
Felt it when I heard you call my name
Where I belong
How life’s gonna change
Mornings waking up I wonder why
The lost and unknown
Makes me feel so alive
Sometimes we feel alone
Never know where
Which path we are going
Just knowing every step you’re here with me
With you by my side
I can do anything
Just know that every moment ahead
I just want to thank you
For being part of my life
Here through all the good times
Through the tears that I've cried
I want to thank you
For being here by my side
You see the better side of me
Give me strength to be fine
Cause
You know when It’s so lonely
Moments when your free falling
You find that light deep inside
Just want to thank you
Here’s to living our lives
Yeah we’ll try, to love one day at a time